# introduction
Read the guidelines at .github/copilot-instructions. You have the role of reviewer, you will write plans for analyzer and then start an analyzer subagent to carry out that those plans. It is up to you how to schedule and send off the tasks to analyzer subagent(s), but keep the work of each subagent isolated. Be careful of recompiling executables which might be in use by another program. If there is a chance a file is being edited or executable ran or will soon-to-be ran by anther subagent, then wait until that subagent's task has concluded. For analysis production use 20-30 threads, for skimming use 5 threads for mc and 10 threads for data.

# adding reemulation hlt information to turn on plots
The following task to reemulate the Ztoee sets with the fdamas menu and thrOverEEE menus were interupted but still produced what looks like 4 outputs each. That's ok and we can run a test with these reduced sample before rerunning the whole set again.

First Verify that the outputs have nontrivial entries. If they do not then debug and rerun to produce four files again.

Then modify triggerAnalysis_ele_mc.cpp to take in a new flag "matchToEmulation". When this flag fires, the following behavior should happen. 

Electrons should NOT be matched to the hltobejct information in the same file with this flag - instead they should be matched with that information from the emulation file. Additionally we should key on the event run lumi from the emulation file so that we can match those events one-to-one on the forest events. Note that the emulation files will only span a small part of the total forest runs since they were stopped short of completing, that's okay it just means we need to run over the full forest when testing. Add new lines to the runner .sh script to run the analysis with the emulation option in place pointing to 1) the emulation at /eos/cms/store/group/phys_heavyions/kdeverea/Reemulation/2025PbPb_ZtoEE and 2) at /eos/cms/store/group/phys_heavyions/kdeverea/Reemulation/2025PbPb_ZtoEE_thrOverEEE_0p5. Test out the framework by running it with option 1) menu. Check that the turn-on histgrams fill. This is essential to check since it was pretty sketch how the emulation was run so its not clear if event,lumi,run will even produce the right hltobjects for the electrons in the corresponding forest event. If there is nothing showing up at this point, debug the event,run,lumi matching criteria and look at the pt,eta,phi info potentially to ensure some matching can be done.

If successful, then run over the 2) menu as well.

# conclusion
Make the minimum number of edits necessary to implement functionality. Do not add superflous error statement catches or checks. 

Have the subanalyzer handoff a summary to you and you should review that summary for flaws. Update copilot instructions on the new norms detailed here and learned by you or the subanalyzer throught these tasks.
