shift focus over to the emulation task at ~/HLTClayton where we emulate a choice of menu on an old MC sample. Audit the entire codebase, we are seeing signficant errors since when we try to emulate, for example at /afs/cern.ch/user/k/kdeverea/HLTClayton/CMSSW_15_1_0/src/workstation/HLT_emulation/scripts/PbPb/emulate_HLT_HIon_2025.sh, most menu choices fail for some module reason or compile but produce outputs where no triggers fire which doesnt make sense. Determine if there are glaring code issues why that would happen.

Try to run files if necessary to verify. Ensure the right packages are set up in this cmssw release, check the online cmssw release and githubs from the setup files if necessary. This is tricky as this is an old release and we need to be careful with version matching. After some preliminmary tests it was found that
 - /users/fdamas/2025/HIon/151X/HLT/V5, compiles but does not produce and output with electrons firing.
 - /users/cbennett/151X/HLT_jetTriggers_HIon_2025/V7 compiles and fires, but only for a limited number of jet triggers, and we want electron triggers
 - /dev/CMSSW_15_1_0/HIon/V8,9,10,31 are supposed to be the official menus to run on this but they all fail upon running.

For the purposes of this check we ONLY care about getting a file where electrons show up as hits in the hltanalysis and hltobject trees in the outputs. The end goal is to find a menu where electron information is stored when running over the Zee DIGIRAW set, and then use this menu to run some variation studies. But first we need to start with a base menu that works. Investiagte the issue use all internet necessary as there may be hints from other CMS-specific prepositories.
