# introduction
Read the guidelines at .github/copilot-instructions. You have the role of reviewer, you will write plans for analyzer and then start an analyzer subagent to carry out that those plans. It is up to you how to schedule and send off the tasks to analyzer subagent(s), but keep the work of each subagent isolated. Be careful of recompiling executables which might be in use by another program. If there is a chance a file is being edited or executable ran or will soon-to-be ran by anther subagent, then wait until that subagent's task has concluded. For analysis production use 20-30 threads, for skimming use 5 threads for mc and 10 threads for data.

# full reemulation run
With the ZEE plots in place go and resend the emulation tasks for the fdamas and thrOverEEE_0p5 menus over the full Jpsi to EE sets. Use new output directories next the the ZtoEE emulation output directories. Verify that the first files are written with nontrial information.

Once the reemulation is compilee, then run over the new files by producing updated turn on curves for JpsitoEE for menus  *_fdamasV5* and *_thrOverEEE0p5* using matchToEmultaion=true and the full set of reemulation files.

# conclusion
Make the minimum number of edits necessary to implement functionality. Do not add superflous error statement catches or checks. 

Have the subanalyzer handoff a summary to you and you should review that summary for flaws. Update copilot instructions on the new norms detailed here and learned by you or the subanalyzer throught these tasks.
